map directive replaced and configuration step added (#9022)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/config-guide/multi-site/ms_nginx.md

{% endcollapsible %}

## Step 4: Update the Base URL configuration {#update-base-url}

> You need to update the Base URL for the `french` and the `german` websites on the Magento admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is necessary to update the Base URL for the `french` and the `german` websites in the Magento admin.
```

### Update French Website Base URL

1. Log in to the Magento admin and navigate to **Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **General** > **Web**.
1. Change the _configuration scope_ to the `french` website.
1. Expand **Base URLs** section and update the **Base URL** and **Base Link URL** value to `http://french.magento24.com/`.
1. Expand **Base URLs (Secure)** section and update the **Secure Base URL** and **Secure Base Link URL** value to `http://french.magento24.com/`.

> 1. Click **Save Config** and save the configuraiton changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Save Config** and save the configuration changes.
```

### Update German Website Base URL

1. Log in to the Magento admin and navigate to **Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **General** > **Web**.
1. Change the _configuration scope_ to the `german` website.
1. Expand **Base URLs** section and update the **Base URL** and **Base Link URL** value to `http://german.magento24.com/`.
1. Expand **Base URLs (Secure)** section and update the **Secure Base URL** and **Secure Base Link URL** value to `http://german.magento24.com/`.

> 1. Click **Save Config** and save the configuraiton changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Save Config** and save the configuration changes.
```

### Clean the Cache

> Run the below command to clean the `config` and `full_page` cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the command below to clean the `config` and `full_page` caches.
```
